#summary often requested features

*Suggest new features [http://www.google.com/moderator/#16/e=17eff here].*

= Feature Wishlist =
== "tom calls from home" ==

== TTS settings ==

== individual sounds for sms, call and email ==

== Silence when pressing volume buttons ==
silence SayMyName on pressed volume button
-> SEEMS TO BE IMPOSSIBLE

== activate saymyname on connected BT / headset ==

== only read first name / last name / alias / ... ==

== read names AFTER first white space ==
"In my contact list I use a person's title (Mr., Miss, Mrs., etc). I'd like the option to start reading the name at the first white space so I don't have to hear "Mr. John Doe" and just hear "John Doe"." see issue 45.
or:
== exclude strings ==
don't read "mrs.", "mr." ...

== Spelling == 
"is there a way to change the way it says a name? For instance, if that someone special is calling, can it say "Your sweetie is calling" or someone u don't like have it say "Moron"? Anyway, I think u get the question. For me inparticular, its miss pronouncing my daughters name, which is spelled weird."
-> use nicknames in your addressbook

== Contact Chooser enhancement == 
"I think that having an "ungrouped" group selection would be quite handy...I've added some contacts via the android system, and never added them to a group, now I don't remember who I added.

Something else handy would be if the listing of all contacts showed what groups each one belonged to."

== Test formatstring ==
Instantly hear your new formatstring while editing it

== Don't read special characters ==
ignore * , : etc

== Exclude what's between special characters ==
Might it be possible to exclude what is between special characters so the announcement is "Joe Smith" when the contact listing reads "Joe [contractor] Smith" or "Joe [& Sally] Smith"?

== improve Contact Chooser ==
seperate ignored and announced contacts
= Contact Whitelist =
read out sms all the time for certain numbers

== Improve Bluetooth support ==
only speak when bluetooth is enabled and (try to) support more bluetooth headsets

== Only speak on Bluetooth ==
If there is a connected Bluetooth device, speak. Otherwise don´t

== Specify formatstring on group basis ==
for family contacts say "my beloved XXX is calling", for coworkers say "XXX is calling from work"

== Add own voice ==
record your own voice and play it instead of TTS voice

== Google Voice support ==