== English ==

Why so much complication?

Basically GMail application doesn't broadcast information about new email, but since last update K-9 Mail does, and we can catch such broadcast and use TTS to say email sender and subject.

You have two options:

1) Use K-9 Mail as your primary email client:
    - download, install and configure K-9 Mail
    - disable notifications in GMail app
    - SayMyName will work OK

2) Stay with GMail app and use K-9 Mail only as proxy:
    - download, install and configure K-9 Mail
    - disable notification in K-9 Mail (it will still broadcast information about new emails)
    - SayMyName will work OK

If you leave notifications on in both GMail and K-9 Mail nothing bad will happen. You will simply get two notifications for each email.

Note: you will have to give your email password to K-9 Mail for obvious reasons.

== French ==

Pourquoi tant de complications?

En principe l'application Gmail ne diffuse pas d'informations sur les nouveaux messages, mais depuis la dernière mise à jour K-9 Mail le fait, et nous pouvons utiliser cette information et utiliser TTS  pour lire l'expéditeur de l'email et le sujet.

Vous avez deux options:
1) Utilisez K-9 Mail comme votre client e-mail principal:
  - télécharger, installer et configurer K-9 Mail
  - désactiver les notifications de Gmail
  - SayMyName marchera

2) Gerder Gmail et utiliser K-9 Mail seulement en tant que proxy:
  - télécharger, installer et configurer K-9 Mail
  - désactiver la notification en K-9 Mail (il pourra diffuser des informations sur les nouveaux emails)
  - SayMyName marchera Si vous laisser les notifications dans Gmail et de K-9 Mail tout fonctionnera correctement. 

Vous obtiendrez simplement deux notifications pour chaque email.

Note: vous devrez donner votre mot de passe à K-9 Mail pour des raisons évidentes.