#summary fix often reported issues

Please see if there's an update available at the Android Market before you report a problem.

= Try that if you experience any problems =
Uninstall SayMyName and [http://www.appbrain.com/app/org.mailboxer.saymyname install it] again. This step fixes problems with widget and weird settings.

Restarting your phone could help too. :)

= It [http://code.google.com/p/roadtoadc/wiki/ForceClose forces close] / freezes / ... =

Please install "Log Collector" from Android Market. Now wait for a Force Close of SayMyName and start "Log Collector"-app afterwards. It will prompt you to send your device log (doesn't contain any private information... if so, I will ignore it ;)) to somebody. Send it to me and maybe I can fix it.

= It only says "unknown" =

Send me a mail and tell me which phone you use, which version it runs, ...

= It doesn't speak at all =

*Most problems will disappear after restarting your phone!*

If not:
 * turn up your ringer's volume. Maybe it's just too quiet for you.
 * open SayMyName. It will tell you if TTS isn't installed, or there are some files missing.

 * restart your phone. Sometimes there's something completely wrong, until you restart your phone.

 * [http://code.google.com/p/roadtoadc/wiki/ForceClose follow these steps] and send me the log.

 * go to "Speech settings" in SayMyName and try the TTS-Test there
 * If you installed [http://code.google.com/p/eyes-free/ TTS] for the first time, it downloads some voice-datas (only 2MB). Wait for this and try again / restart your phone.

 * Test doesn't work after a reboot? TTS seems to be not working. So please read: [http://code.google.com/p/eyes-free/wiki/TTSTroubleshooting Troubleshooting TTS]

<br/>
If there's no update and none of the steps above fixed your problem, [http://code.google.com/p/roadtoadc/issues/entry file a bug] or send me a mail.
<br/>

Thanks a lot for your feedback. I hope you enjoy SayMyName!

Tom